chore: update testkube integration docs (#3414)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/docs/tools-and-integrations/testkube.mdx

        - attr:db.name = "pokeshop"
```

Execute the following command to create the test executor object in Testkube. Do not forget to provide the path to your Tracetest definition file using the `--file` argument, and also the follow variables:

> - **If you are using [Tracetest Core](https://docs.tracetest.io/core/getting-started/installation/)**: define the Tracetest Server endpoint using the `TRACETEST_ENDPOINT` `--variable` (remember that the TRACETEST_ENDPOINT should be reachable from the Testkube instance)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **If you are using [Tracetest Core](https://docs.tracetest.io/core/getting-started/installation/)**: Define the Tracetest Server endpoint using the `TRACETEST_ENDPOINT` `--variable` (remember that the TRACETEST_ENDPOINT should be reachable from the Testkube instance).
```

```bash
kubectl testkube create test --file my/file/location.yaml --type "tracetest/test" --name pokeshop-tracetest-test --variable TRACETEST_ENDPOINT=http://tracetest
```

Note: In case you are doing a port forward to your Tracetest instance and you want to have the correct Tracetest URL in your results printed by the Testkube output, you can also provide an optional `TRACETEST_OUTPUT_ENDPOINT` variable (e.g. `--variable TRACETEST_OUTPUT_ENDPOINT=http://localhost:11633`).

> - **If you are using [Tracetest](https://docs.tracetest.io/getting-started/installation/) on `app.tracetest.io` **: define the your [token](../concepts/environment-token.mdx), [environment](../concepts/environments.mdx) and [organization](../concepts/organizations.mdx) using the `TRACETEST_TOKEN`, `TRACETEST_ENVIRONMENT` and `TRACETEST_ORGANIZATION` `--variable`s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **If you are using [Tracetest](https://docs.tracetest.io/getting-started/installation/) on `app.tracetest.io` **: Define your [token](../concepts/environment-token.mdx), [environment](../concepts/environments.mdx) and [organization](../concepts/organizations.mdx) using the `TRACETEST_TOKEN`, `TRACETEST_ENVIRONMENT` and `TRACETEST_ORGANIZATION` `--variables.
```
